BD-3237 pt 1 glossary audit (through end user) (#7643)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _lang/ja/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/sms_setup/terms.md

  - name: Message Segments
    description: A message segment is a grouping of up to a defined number of characters (160 for GSM-7 encoding; 67 for UCS-2 encoding) that will be sent in a single SMS dispatch. If you dispatch an SMS with 161 characters using GSM-7 encoding, you will see that there are two (2) message segments that were sent. Sending multiple message segments may result in additional charges.
  - name: Message Service

>     description: A collection of long codes, short codes, and alphanumeric IDs used to send your SMS message with Braze.

Author: ```suggestion
    description: A collection of long codes, short codes, and alpha-numeric IDs used to send your SMS message with Braze.
```
